now Saul spoke to Jonathan his son and
now Saul spoke to Jonathan his son and to all his servants that they should
to all his servants that they should
to all his servants that they should kill David
kill David
kill David but Jonathan Saul's son delighted
but Jonathan Saul's son delighted
but Jonathan Saul's son delighted greatly in David
greatly in David
greatly in David so Jonathan told David my father saw
so Jonathan told David my father saw
so Jonathan told David my father saw seeks to kill you
seeks to kill you
seeks to kill you therefore please be on your guard until
therefore please be on your guard until
therefore please be on your guard until morning and stay in a secret place and
morning and stay in a secret place and
morning and stay in a secret place and hide and I will go out and stand beside
hide and I will go out and stand beside
hide and I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where you are and
my father in the field where you are and
my father in the field where you are and I will speak with my father about you
I will speak with my father about you
I will speak with my father about you then what I observe I will tell you thus
then what I observe I will tell you thus
then what I observe I will tell you thus Jonathan spoke well of David to Saul his
Jonathan spoke well of David to Saul his
Jonathan spoke well of David to Saul his father let not the king sin against his
father let not the king sin against his
father let not the king sin against his servant against David because he has not
servant against David because he has not
servant against David because he has not sinned against you and because his works
sinned against you and because his works
sinned against you and because his works have been very good toward you for he
have been very good toward you for he
have been very good toward you for he took his life in his hands and killed
took his life in his hands and killed
took his life in his hands and killed the Philistine and the Lord brought
the Philistine and the Lord brought
the Philistine and the Lord brought about a great deliverance for all Israel
about a great deliverance for all Israel
about a great deliverance for all Israel you saw it and rejoiced why then will
you saw it and rejoiced why then will
you saw it and rejoiced why then will you sin against innocent blood to kill
you sin against innocent blood to kill
you sin against innocent blood to kill David without a cause so Saul heeded the
David without a cause so Saul heeded the
David without a cause so Saul heeded the voice of Jonathan and Saul swore as the
voice of Jonathan and Saul swore as the
voice of Jonathan and Saul swore as the Lord lives he shall not be killed and
Lord lives he shall not be killed and
Lord lives he shall not be killed and Jonathan called David and Jonathan told
Jonathan called David and Jonathan told
Jonathan called David and Jonathan told him all these things so Jonathan brought
him all these things so Jonathan brought
him all these things so Jonathan brought David to Saul and he was in his presence
David to Saul and he was in his presence
David to Saul and he was in his presence as in times past
as in times past
as in times past [Music]
[Music]
[Music] [Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause] and there was war again and David went
and there was war again and David went
and there was war again and David went out and fought with the Philistines and
out and fought with the Philistines and
out and fought with the Philistines and struck them with a mighty blow and they
struck them with a mighty blow and they
struck them with a mighty blow and they fled from him now the distressing spirit
fled from him now the distressing spirit
fled from him now the distressing spirit from the Lord came upon Sol as he sat in
from the Lord came upon Sol as he sat in
from the Lord came upon Sol as he sat in his house with his spear in his hand
is playing music with his hand then soul
is playing music with his hand then soul sought to pin David to the wall with the
sought to pin David to the wall with the
sought to pin David to the wall with the spear but he slipped away from Saul's
spear but he slipped away from Saul's
spear but he slipped away from Saul's presence he drove the spear
so David fled and escaped that night
so David fled and escaped that night Saul also sent messengers to David's
Saul also sent messengers to David's
Saul also sent messengers to David's house to watch him and to kill him in
house to watch him and to kill him in
house to watch him and to kill him in the morning and Michael David's wife
the morning and Michael David's wife
the morning and Michael David's wife told him if you do not save your life
told him if you do not save your life
told him if you do not save your life tonight tomorrow you will be killed
tonight tomorrow you will be killed
tonight tomorrow you will be killed [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so Michael let David down through a
so Michael let David down through a
so Michael let David down through a window and he went and fled and escaped
window and he went and fled and escaped
window and he went and fled and escaped and Michael took an image and laid it in
and Michael took an image and laid it in
and Michael took an image and laid it in the bed put a cover of goats hair for
the bed put a cover of goats hair for
the bed put a cover of goats hair for his head and covered it with clothes so
his head and covered it with clothes so
his head and covered it with clothes so when saul sent messengers to take David
when saul sent messengers to take David
when saul sent messengers to take David she said he is sick then Saul sent the
she said he is sick then Saul sent the
she said he is sick then Saul sent the messengers back to see David bring him
messengers back to see David bring him
messengers back to see David bring him up to me in the bed but I may kill him
up to me in the bed but I may kill him
up to me in the bed but I may kill him and when the messengers have come in
and when the messengers have come in
and when the messengers have come in there was the image in the bed with a
there was the image in the bed with a
there was the image in the bed with a cover of goats hair for his head then
cover of goats hair for his head then
cover of goats hair for his head then Saul said to Michael why have you
Saul said to Michael why have you
Saul said to Michael why have you deceived me like this and sent my enemy
deceived me like this and sent my enemy
deceived me like this and sent my enemy away so that he has escaped he said to
away so that he has escaped he said to
away so that he has escaped he said to me let me go why should I kill you so
me let me go why should I kill you so
me let me go why should I kill you so David fled and escaped and went to
David fled and escaped and went to
David fled and escaped and went to Samuel at Rhema and told him all that
Samuel at Rhema and told him all that
Samuel at Rhema and told him all that Saul had done to him and he and Samuel
Saul had done to him and he and Samuel
Saul had done to him and he and Samuel went and stayed in Nathe
went and stayed in Nathe
went and stayed in Nathe now it was told Saul take note
now it was told Saul take note
now it was told Saul take note David is at Nayef in Ramah then soul
David is at Nayef in Ramah then soul
David is at Nayef in Ramah then soul sent messengers to take David and when
sent messengers to take David and when
sent messengers to take David and when they saw the group of prophets prophesy
they saw the group of prophets prophesy
they saw the group of prophets prophesy and Samuel standing as leader over them
and Samuel standing as leader over them
and Samuel standing as leader over them the Spirit of God came upon the
the Spirit of God came upon the
the Spirit of God came upon the messengers of Saul and they also
messengers of Saul and they also
messengers of Saul and they also prophesied and when Saul was told he
prophesied and when Saul was told he
prophesied and when Saul was told he sent other messengers and they
sent other messengers and they
sent other messengers and they prophesied likewise then Saul sent
prophesied likewise then Saul sent
prophesied likewise then Saul sent messengers again the third time and they
messengers again the third time and they
messengers again the third time and they prophesied also then he also went to
prophesied also then he also went to
prophesied also then he also went to Rhema and came to the great wealth that
Rhema and came to the great wealth that
Rhema and came to the great wealth that is @cq so he asked where are Samuel and
is @cq so he asked where are Samuel and
is @cq so he asked where are Samuel and David and someone said indeed they are
David and someone said indeed they are
David and someone said indeed they are at Nathan Rhema so he went there to
at Nathan Rhema so he went there to
at Nathan Rhema so he went there to Nathan Rhema and the Spirit of God was
Nathan Rhema and the Spirit of God was
Nathan Rhema and the Spirit of God was upon him also and he went on and
upon him also and he went on and
upon him also and he went on and prophesied until he came to Nathan Rhema
prophesied until he came to Nathan Rhema
prophesied until he came to Nathan Rhema and he also stripped off his clothes and
and he also stripped off his clothes and
and he also stripped off his clothes and prophesied before Samuel in like manner
prophesied before Samuel in like manner
prophesied before Samuel in like manner and lay down naked
and lay down naked
and lay down naked all that day and all that night
all that day and all that night
all that day and all that night therefore they say is Saul also among
therefore they say is Saul also among
therefore they say is Saul also among the prophets